{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Lang  Package:\b0\fs22\par
\fs32 1. Which of these classes is not included in java.lang?\par
A. Byte\par
 B. Integer\par
 \b C. Array \par
\b0 D. Class\par
2. Which of these is a process of converting a simple data type into a class?\par
A. type wrapping\par
 \b B. type conversion \par
\b0 C. type casting \par
D. None of the Mentioned\par
3. Which of the following package stores all the simple data types in java?\par
\b A. lang\par
 \b0 B. java\par
 C. util \par
D. java.packages\par
4. Which of the following methods is a method of wrapper Integer for obtaining hash code for the invoking object?\par
A. int hash()\par
B. int hashcode() \par
\b C. int hashCode()\par
\b0 D. Integer hashcode()\par
5. Which of these is a super class of wrappers Long, Character & Integer?\par
A. Long\par
 B. Digits\par
 C. Float\par
 \b D.Number\par
\b0 6. Which of these is wrapper for simple data type char?\par
A. Float \par
\b B. Character\b0  \par
C. String\par
 D. Both b & c\par
7. Which of the following is method of wrapper Integer for converting the value of an object into byte?\par
A. bytevalue()\par
\b B. byte bytevalue()\par
\b0 C. Bytevalue()\par
D. Byte Bytevalue()\par
8. Which of these methods is used to obtain value of invoking object as a long?\par
A. long value()\par
\b B. long longValue()\par
\b0 C. Long longvalue()\par
D. Long Longvalue()\par
View AnswerWorkspaceReport\par
9. Which of these class have only one field \lquote TYPE\rquote ?\par
\b A. Void \par
\b0 B. Process\par
 C. System \par
D. Runtime\par
10. Which of these class holds a collection of static methods and variables?\par
A. Void\par
 B. Process\par
 C. Runtime \par
\b D. System\b0\par
\fs22\par
\b\fs32 JDBC\par
\b0 1. Which of the following contains both date and time?\par
a) java.io.date\par
b) java.sql.date\par
c) java.util.date\par
\b d) java.util.dateTime\par
\b0 2. Which of the following is advantage of using JDBC connection pool?\par
a) Slow performance\par
b) Using more memory\par
c) Using less memory\par
\b d) Better performance\par
\b0 3. Which of the following is advantage of using PreparedStatement in Java?\par
a) Slow performance\par
b) Encourages SQL injection\par
\b c) Prevents SQL injection\b0\par
d) More memory usage\par
4. Which one of the following contains date information?\par
\b a) java.sql.TimeStamp\b0\par
b) java.sql.Time\par
c) java.io.Time\par
d) java.io.TimeStamp\par
5. What does setAutoCommit(false) do?\par
a) commits transaction after each query\par
b) explicitly commits transaction\par
\b c) does not commit transaction automatically after each query\b0\par
d) never commits transaction\par
6. Which of the following is used to call stored procedure?\par
a) Statement\par
b) PreparedStatement\par
\b c) CallableStatment\b0\par
d) CalledStatement\par
7. Which of the following is used to limit the number of rows returned?\par
\b a) setMaxRows(int i)\b0\par
b) setMinRows(int i)\par
c) getMaxrows(int i)\par
d) getMinRows(int i)\par
9. Which of the following is used to rollback a JDBC transaction?\par
\b a) rollback()\b0\par
b) rollforward()\par
c) deleteTransaction()\par
d) RemoveTransaction()\par
10. Which of the following is not a JDBC connection isolation levels?\par
a) TRANSACTION_NONE\par
b) TRANSACTION_READ_COMMITTED\par
c) TRANSACTION_REPEATABLE_READ\par
\b d) TRANSACTION_NONREPEATABLE_READ\par
\b0 11.A JAVA program that uses JDBC, should determine that information is directly from database system at runtime, to have\b\par
\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Efficient system\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}\b Robust system\b0\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}Active system\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}Accurate system\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs32 IO\par
\b0 1. Which of these stream contains the classes which can work on character stream?\par
a) InputStream\par
b) OutputStream\par
\b c) Character Stream\par
\b0 d) All of the mentioned\par
2. Which of these class is used to read characters in a file?\par
\b a) FileReader\b0\par
b) FileWriter\par
c) FileInputStream\par
d) InputStreamReader\par
3. Which of these method of FileReader class is used to read characters from a file?\par
\b a) read()\b0\par
b) scanf()\par
c) get()\par
d) getInteger()\par
4. Which of these class can be used to implement the input stream that uses a character array as the source?\par
a) BufferedReader\par
b) FileReader\par
\b c) CharArrayReader\par
\b0 d) FileArrayReader\par
5. Which of these classes can return more than one character to be returned to input stream?\par
a) BufferedReader\par
b) Bufferedwriter\par
\b c) PushbachReader\par
\b0 d) CharArrayReader\par
6. Which of these class is not a member class of java.io package?\par
\b A. String\b0\par
B. StringReader\par
C. Writer\par
D. File\par
7. Which of these class is not related to input and output stream in terms of functioning?\par
\b A. File\b0\par
B. Writer\par
C. InputStream\par
D. Reader\par
8. Which of these is method for testing whether the specified element is a file or a directory?\par
A. IsFile()\par
\b B. isFile()\b0\par
C. Isfile()\par
D. isfile()\par
9. Which of these classes is used for input and output operation when working with bytes?\par
\b A. InputStream\b0\par
B. Reader\par
C. Writer\par
D. All of the mentioned\par
10. Which of these stream contains the classes which can work on character stream?\par
A. InputStream\par
B. OutputStream\par
\b C. Character Stream\b0\par
D. All of the mentioned\par
\par
\par
\b OOPs\par
\b0 1. The OOPs concept in C++, exposing only necessary information to users or clients is known as\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Abstraction\b0\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}Encapsulation\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}Data hiding\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}Hiding complexity\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 2. Which of the following is an abstract data type?\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Class\b0\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}Int\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}String\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}Double\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3. For Cat and Animal class, correct way of inheritance is\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b class Cat: public Animal\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}\b0 class Animal: public Cat\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}Both are correct way\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}None is correct way\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4. Features not available in C++ object oriented programming is\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Virtual destructor\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}\b Virtual constructor\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}\b0 Virtual function\par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab}All\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
5. Which of the following type of class allows only one object of it to be created?\par
A.\tab Virtual class\par
B.\tab Abstract class\par
C.\tab\b Singleton class\b0\par
D.\tab Friend class\par
\par
6.Which of the following statements is correct?\par
A.\tab Base class pointer cannot point to derived class.\par
\b B.\tab Derived class pointer cannot point to base class.\b0\par
C.\tab Pointer to derived class cannot be created.\par
D.\tab Pointer to base class cannot be created.\par
7.Which of the following concepts means determining at runtime what method to invoke?\par
A.\tab Data hiding\par
B.\tab Dynamic Typing\par
\b C.\tab Dynamic binding\b0\par
D.\tab Dynamic loading\par
8.Which of the following concepts of OOPS means exposing only necessary information to client?\par
A.\tab Encapsulation\par
B.\tab Abstraction\par
\b C.\tab Data hiding\b0\par
D.\tab Data binding\par
9.Which of the following statement is correct?\par
\b A.\tab A constructor is called at the time of declaration of an object.\b0\par
B.\tab A constructor is called at the time of use of an object.\par
C.\tab A constructor is called at the time of declaration of a class.\par
D.\tab A constructor is called at the time of use of a class.\par
10.Which of the following correctly describes overloading of functions?\par
A.\tab Virtual polymorphism\par
B.\tab Transient polymorphism\par
\b C.\tab Ad-hoc polymorphism\b0\par
D.\tab Pseudo polymorphism\par
}
 